Actors
        User: Person Browsing the Website
        Adoption Facility User (AFU): Person representing an adoption facility
        Administrator (Admin): Website Administrator






User is searching for a dog
User is searching for information about how to adopt
User is searching for 
User is searching by location




Adoption Facility User Updates care instructions


User is Searching for a Pet
Description: A user would like to search for a pet


Preconditions: A user has navigated to the main page of the application

Postconditions: A page of available pets is displayed

Main Course:
1. User selects “Search for Pets”
2. A new page loads prompting the User as follows:
   1. Dogs
      1. System prompts the User
         1. Location
            1. System prompts the user to select a location
            2. A new page loads and the system displays all Dogs currently available, filtered by the given location
         2. Display all Dogs
            1. A new page loads and the system displays all Dogs currently available
   2. Cats
      1. System prompts the User
         1. Location
            1. System prompts the user to select a location
            2. A new page loads and the system displays all Cats currently available, filtered by the given location
         2. Display all Cats
            1. A new page loads and the system displays all Cats currently available
   3. Display All Pets
      1. A new page loads and the system displays all pets currently available
Exceptions:
        










Adoption Facility User adds a new pet
Description:         An adoption facility lists a new pet that is available for adoption and uploads the required information


Preconditions: The Adoption facility is registered with the site and has an Adoption Facility User Account. The Adoption Facility User has logged in


Postconditions: The new pet’s information is displayed 
        
Main Course:
1. The AFU clicks “Add New Pet” 
2. A new page loads prompting the AFU for the following information:
   1. Type (Dog | Cat)
   2. Name
   3. Breed
   4. Age
   5. Weight
   6. Spay/Neuter Status
   7. Vaccination Status
   8. Current Health Concerns (If Any)
   9. Description
   10. Upload Pictures/Videos
3. The Page prompts the AFU to Submit the new pet
4. System Saves the new data to the database
5. System redirects the AFU to their main account page.
Exceptions:
1. (3) Required Input is missing
   1. Prompt the AFU to enter the required information and resubmit
2. (4) The system fails to save the new data to the the database
   1. The system notifies the AFU of the error
   2. Returns to Main Course (2)


        




        Adoption Facility User uploads picture/video of pet
Adoption Facility User uploads description of pet 
Adoption Facility User Updates pet Adoption Status








Use cases for single or set of use cases (all system activities that have significance to users)


User clicks login button
User clicks logout button


User can click to see animal in gallery (ask question)


        Description: When the user is looking at an animal profile, there will be a gallery with an arrow button used to view the next picture in the gallery.




        Preconditions: The adoption facility has made an adoption profile for a pet, has uploaded a picture of the animal, and has made the adoption profile viewable to a regular user.




Sample Descriptions:
User wants to donate via credit card
Administrator wants to update current ways to care for dogs
Administrator wants to update the current adoption status for a specific pet
User wants to adopt a dog




















Use Case #1:
Name: Putting a dog up for adoption.
Description: An adoption center has a dog that needs to be placed for adoption on the website.
Organizational Benefits: Reaching out to users of the website presenting a new pet that is available for adoption.
Triggers: Administrator user for the adoption facility selects an option to place a new pet for adoption.
Precondition: The adoption facility is registered as an administrative user.
Postcondition: The pet that is available for adoption will be visible for users to see.  The required information for the pet will be visible for users to see.
Main Course: 1. Adoption facility logs in as an administrator
                2. Adoption facility uploads picture, name, age, breed, and other required
                   Information about the pet.
                3. Adoption facility clicks submit to register the information as a pet up for                                                                                                                                            
                  Adoption.
Alternate Course: AC1: Adoption facility is already logged in
                       1. Return to main course step 2
Exceptions: EX1: The adoption facility is not registered as an administrator for the website
                 1. The adoption facility will have to register as an adoption center to gain
                  administrative privileges.


Use Case #2
Name: User wants to donate to the organization.
Description: User wants to donate to help fund the organization.
Organizational Benefits: Provide funding to keep the organization functioning.
Triggers: User clicks on the donate link.
Precondition: User is viewing the website
Postcondition: The user is prompted to donate by a third party payment portal.
Main Course: 1. User clicks on a donate link
                2. User is redirected to a third party payment portal
                3. User uses the third party payment portal to submit a donation
Alternate Course: AC1: The user does not want to use a third party payment portal but donate
                               physical check/cash instead
                       1. User is prompted where they can send their alternative donate.
Exception: EX1: The user is a brand (Purina, Rachel Ray, etc…) and wants to donate by other
                    means.
                1. The user is prompted with information on who to contact.














Use Case #3: (Still need to finish)
Name: User wants to adopt a dog.
Description: A user is in search of a dog that is up for adoption.
Organizational Benefit: This provides one of the primary uses for the website.
Triggers: User clicks on link to find pets for adoption.
Precondition: The user is viewing the website.
Postcondition: The user is shown a list of dogs available for adoption.
Main Course: 1. User clicks on the link to adopt a pet.
                2. User is prompted in choices of which pet they would like to adopt.
                3. User selects link for dogs
                4. User is redirected to a list of dogs with pictures and brief descriptions.


Use Case #4: (Still need to finish)
Name: User wants to find information about pet care.
Description: A user is in search of general information about pet care for cats.
Organizational Benefits: Makes adoption more appealing by having an all in one site that both provides adoption information and pets available but also how to take care of the pet preparing the adoptee. 
Triggers: User clicks link for the menu for pet care
Precondition: The user is viewing the website
Postcondition: The user is redirected to a page filled with links to various titled articles in general cat care.
Main Course: 1.